 So, Cloud Code can now make videos. You tell it what you want in plain English and it creates professional animations from scratch. It's insane. For example, this entire video you're watching right now was made just by typing into Cloud Code. No animations, no touching UI, plain English. Now, you might be thinking, but David, how is this even possible? Well, all of this is powered by a promotion, which lets us create videos programmatically. But now, a promotion has released their own agent skills, which means that Cloud Code, Open Code and other AI agents can finally use it. So, in this video, we'll go over what a promotion is, how to set up these new agent skills and how to actually use it for their own AI marketing to grow your business. So, make sure to watch until the end. Here is another example of what this promotion skill can do. Now, everything except for the design of the characters was generated and stitched together with Cloud Code. So, this entire video you're watching was created with Cloud Code. Someone typing English and Cloud Code designing a video of this video game. Crazy. Here is another example that was made with a promotion, Cloud Code and anti-gravity. Now, personally, I'm not an animator or a designer and doing something like this would take me many, many hours because I would first have to learn these software. But now, you can just type to Cloud Code and Cloud Code will build it for you. So, not only can you use AI to build your product, now you can use AI to market it as well. It has never been a better time to study your own business. Okay, so, what is a promotion? What's the thing that makes all of this possible? Well, a promotion is a framework for creating videos programmatically using Rust and the code looks something like this. You can think of it as a website that gets recorded frame by frame into a video file. So, you get the data either from APIs, databases or user input and then each of the render that a promotion makes produces a unique video automatically. Now, the reason why AI agents love it is that they are great at writing code. So, whether it's Cloud Code, Open Code or any other coding agent, they already excel at writing code. However, these same agents are terrible at using complex graphical user interfaces, like After Effects, Premiere Pro or any other app designed for humans. Remotion fixes this. It turns video creation and animations into React components. So, all the agents have to do is write a few React components and the result is a beautiful looking video or animation. So, any of you that are building your own app or you have your own business, here is how you could use a promotion to create product videos. So, this is another one built just with Cloud Code and just with a promotion. Look at this, professional looking animation of email looks like Gmail, highlighting, moving cursor, text. You would have to pay thousands of dollars to an animator or designer to do this. Now, it's just a few prompts to Cloud Code with the promotion skill. And of course, I'm gonna show you how to set it up later in the video, but I just wanna show you how impressive this really is. Here is one more example. Now, obviously, this guy gave it these assets, right? So, if you have great quality images or assets, it will do even better, but the animation cycling between them was built by a promotion. By the way, this agent skill came out literally less than 24 hours ago. So, if you want to stay on the cutting edge of AI, make sure to subscribe. It takes two seconds and it helps out a lot. Thank you. Now, let's look at how the promotion works under the hood. The first thing you have to understand is the sequence components. And these place elements in time, just like in any video editing tool, you have something like a timeline and each of these are sequence components. Now, when you started your development server with NPM and Randev, you get a local host player, something like this, where you can scrap for your video in real time and actually see what the different sections look like. And when you're ready and when you want to actually render it, each of the frames gets screenshot it and stitch into an MP4 through FFMPEC. Now, let's talk about agent skills because this is a relatively new concept that most people don't understand. Agent skills are instruction files that teach AI coding agents, like CloudScore and OpenCode, how to work with specific tools. Now, the beauty of agent skills is that they use what's called progressive disclosure. You don't just dump a bunch of tokens, a bunch of prompts into the context window. That would be wasteful. Instead, Cloud only loads the skills full instructions when your task matches its description. So if your task is about coding, it's not gonna load the skills about video editing. But if your prompt does mention video editing, it will load the skills about video editing. This progressive disclosure principle always keeps the context clean. Now, skills are an open standard, meaning it's something like MCPs, something that's becoming like the agents that MD file, right? Something that more and more companies and agents are adopting across the whole AI ecosystem. So today, skills work across CloudCode, Agent Zero OpenCode and many other agents. So the big news here is that a remoteion created their own agent skill that you can just plug and play into these agents and have them creating professional animations right away. Now, this remoteion skill contains all of the API patterns for emotion, the different component conventions and best practices for running animations. So when you ask Cloud to create a video, it reads these instructions and generates proper remoteion code. The skill also bundles reference docs for specific topics like 3D audio captions. So Cloud only loads whatever it needs for that task. And since emotion is very easy to use because you just type to CloudCode and CloudCode as a code, people are creating impressive animations on their first try, which you're watching right now. This was made with just a couple of prompts on the very first try. Now, there are some clear best practices that will decide whether you get mediocre results with this skill or whether you get great animations from emotion. First off, always start with a clear storyboard. You need to describe each scene before prompting Cloud. Also, the best results require an iterative approach instead of trying to one-shot everything, start with sore prompts, see the result, adjust the prompt, so on and so forth. Usually, the best emotion animations I've seen require five to 10 prompts at least. And pro tip, make sure to keep your compositions modular. So build reusable components for intros, transitions, outroes, don't try to put everything into a single component. And as I said earlier, give it high quality assets, right? If you're building a video game, give it the sprites. If you're designing a product, give it high quality product photos. The better assets you provide, the better the outcome will be. And now, let me show you how to actually set this up. First thing we have to do is go to themotion.dev. So make sure to click on this npx create command, you will copy it into your clipboard, then open a terminal. And we need to see the interfolder where we wanna build this. So let's do see the documents. Yes, LS, CD into David Andre, boom. All right, I'm gonna paste the terminal command in this folder, choose a blank template, boom. Add element, yes, add agent skills, yes, for sure. And there we go, open and cursor, yes. There we go. Here is our project with a full emotion setup. Let me close some of these sidebars, I always pop up. So you can see we have everything on the right that we need for a blank emotion project. And what remains is installing the skill. Now this is the skills that SH page developed by Versel. I'm gonna link this below the video. But again, you just need to click this to copy the terminal command, go back to the terminal, type in clear and paste it in. Yes, we wanna install this package. There we go, we have the skills. Select agents, we're gonna use Cloud Code. And here you can select whether you wanna install a motion for just this project or globally, it's up to you. Installation method, let's do same link, and let's proceed with installation. Done. And that's it. The setup is very simple. Again, if you're afraid of using the terminal, why? Like, you just copy paste a few commands and it asks you in plain English. Don't be afraid of the terminal, it's a limiting belief in 2026, you must be using the terminal to be on the cutting edge of AI. Next up, let's go back into our IDE and then let's open a terminal in this same folder, type in Cloud to launch Cloud Code. Give it permissions for this folder, go, let me move it here. Let's do slash skill to see if we have available skills. And there we go, project skills. Yes, the emotion best practices. Amazing, let's click escape. So now it means that the skill has been successfully installed and Cloud Code knows about it. Now again, I would recommend you to create a separate folder, a clear directory for this. So that's what I did right here. I created a motion folder with this project folder and everything is happening in here. So I'm not messing the files all across my computer. I'm gonna run it in this folder and I'm gonna let Cloud Code cook right here. This is a great practice when working with any coding agents. Now, when using the emotion skill through Cloud Code, you have to remember that animations are created by simple prompts. So make sure to use a very detailed prompt and ask Cloud to use the emotion skill. So I just pasted it as well so that I give Cloud context on what we're doing. The next thing I would recommend you to do is to ask Cloud to create a separate sub-director day for each animation to keep things organized. So basically you have like one root folder like this and this shouldn't have any animations right here because you'll have multiple sub-folders for each of the animations. All right, so Cloud understands it and now it has all the context. So we can start building our first animation. So let's create a new folder and I'm gonna name it prompt and I'm gonna create a new file in there named prompt01.md. And this is gonna be our first prompt as you can see it's very detailed and that's because I want a great result for this animation. So it's gonna be a visual animation in the style of free blue one brown. If you don't know this channel, you're greatly missing out. This is one of the best YouTube channels when it comes to math, education, also some videos on AI LLMS, how does Bitcoin work? Really great channel. And it's known for having beautiful animations. So we're gonna use the emotion to try to replicate the style. Now this is a very detailed, obviously written with AI as well, but very detailed description of what we want to build. So you should be as detailed as possible when using the emotion. Actually, we can probably delete several of these. All right, just cleaned up a bit. I'm gonna interrupt this. Okay, I'm gonna tell it to stop progressing. Read prompt 01 and actually build it using the emotion skills you have. Boom, enter. As you can see, the problem is 400 lines, very detailed prompt. And now let's watch Claude, you the magic. So now it's asking to use the skill. So I'm gonna select yes and don't ask again because I don't need to accept this skill every single time. As you can see, it's loading specific things, animations that MD, timing, and sequence, MMD. So it's not loading everything from the skill only the parts it needs. And this is the progressive disclosure. This is what's keeping the context engineering optimal. So now it's creating all sub directory, right here, Pyfig, Rian. So there it goes. Claude is writing the React code for emotion. So this is a 77 lines of code, this 81. It's doing different components. So very nice. One for the animated line, one for triangle, one for square. So it's creating reusable components. That way we can reuse them. It's in the world. Opening index, creating a lot of files. So I'm interested in this animation. All right, let's do NPM around dev. See what this looks like. This is the remote UI. So far we don't have anything, but this is what it looked like. It's similar to any video editing tool, as you can see. Let's go to the main cloud called. Still cooking up the animation. 17,000 tokens going for four minutes. So the best animations take some time. This is not like a single thing. That you're going to get like in one second. Because keep in mind, Claude has to write hundreds of lines of code for these different React components. Because emotion works on React. Oh, there we go. So the main Claude code finally updated through.tsex by registering these different components. I like this new Claude code UI. It's very clean. I'll never mind. That's crazy. I compliment the new design and it breaks completely. Anyways, it's removing the unused variables now. So hopefully we won't get any other linear errors. 10 minutes guys. 10 minutes for this animation. It's pretty insane. Like Claude got a few months ago would never run for 10 minutes. So anthropic is making it less lazy. There is a complete, okay. Let's see. All right, there we go. The Pyfurgen proofs animation is complete. Here is what was created. Project structure, main orchestrator, self-drowing lines, triangle intro. Okay, let's see. ID, Pyfiger and proofs, duration. 2,400 frames, 40 seconds at 60 FPS. To preview Run and PM RunDev, I select Pyfiger and proofs composition in the remote-tune studio. So let's do that. Let's kill this, boom and PM RunDev. On the left, we have the compositions. Let's select Pyfiger and proofs. And as you can see, we have a timeline with multiple different sequences. So let's run it. This is pretty nice. Okay, guys, this is wild. Let me make this bigger. This is actually crazy. Written by Claude Cote. Imagine having to do this by yourself. Doing this manually would take forever. Single prompt in plain English. Okay, some of these are wrong order, obviously, but again, one prompt. This is wild. Okay, this is a little misaligned, but hey, nothing you can't fix in future prompts. And again, all of this is code. So all of this is programmatic. Okay, so let me give you one more example, this time with some assets. So I'm gonna create a new prompt, new file prompt, O2, boom, paste it in, a little shorter, almost 200. This is gonna be an advertisement for Claude Cote. So I have this, image right here, Claude Star.png. This is just a screenshot of the Claude Cote UI. So I'm gonna say read prompt O2 and using Claude Star.p create the animation in promotion. The fewer lines of code, the better. Don't want it to be running for 12 minutes again. Let's see if it remembers the sub folder directory, because that's what we instructed it to create. Subfolders for each. So it moved the PNG file into public, okay? Because I guess that's where assets go. And now it created the Claude add sub folder, which is empty for now. It's gonna create the whole folder structure for a promotion composition. So again, inside of the browser, you can have different compositions, right? It's the default one, and this is the Pyfragon proof one. You can speed it up to 4x. And on the sequence below, you can disable different parts, right? So maybe you would just say, you can hide it. It's a proper video editor. It's not as advanced as Premiere, obviously. But it's solid, solid. And everything is programmatic. Everything is React code. And you can see your assets right here. So obviously we have the Claude startup file. And now we have the Claude add. So we can see it being built in real time. Claude add is here. Okay. Zoom out to fit. Look at this. Is it finished yet? Okay, this one's faster. Okay, two minutes. Composition Claude code add duration 17 seconds. Curse removes the dark terminal icon click. Let's look at this. Let's play it in 1x from the beginning. So we have a desktop view here. Make it a bit bigger. So the terminal goes icon, clicks. Okay, it didn't click on the terminal. It clicked on the browser. But it opens the terminal. It types in CD subscribe to the channel. Very nice. Look at this guys. It's crazy. This is all code. This is all animated. Let me replay this. Like doing this manually if you're not an animator would take a lot of time. It's an advertisement for Claude code. In a single problem less than two minutes. Obviously this one was a lot faster than the previous one. And it has less detail, but you can follow it up. You can say like change the background gradient to be Claude orange color instead. Boom. And let's watch it change in the real time. There we go. Change the Claude code already much better. Already feels way more like Claude code. You literally animating by tapping plain English. If you're not using Claude code in 2026, you are falling behind. In 2026 you really cannot afford to fall behind. Now if you want to take things to the next level and actually start an AI business this year, you made a full video just on that. It's gonna be right here on the screen, so go watch it now.